README.md, before:

🍌 ***dat banana bot*** 🍌
Yo it's me, dat banana bot. And I do everything except nothing.

**My super long list of awesomely amazing features**
- Fun commands (Canvas, 8ball, etc)
- Mod commands (Kick, ban, mute, etc)
- Utility (Hastebin, info for user, role, server)
- Game Statistics
-> Clash of Clans
-> Clash Royale
-> League of Legends
- Music

**I'm made by...**
The other "me" here. dat banana boi#1982

**What to do?**
Smash that invite button, and get it in all your servers, cuz that's what I'm for, yo!

As dat banana bot once said: [*Lemme join that hood*](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=388476336777461770&scope=bot&permissions=8)

**I meant what to do if something is bad and it breaks.**
Smash that SERVER invite button, and get in our support server, cuz that's what it's for, yo!

As dat banana bot once said: [*Your turn to join the hood.*](https://discord.gg/SgxjVbH)

**I like bananas, how can I help you?**
1) By joining our server.

2) By submitting useful comments and pull requests on GitHub.

3) By having a brain (but if you didn't do 1 or 2 while having 3, then I really don't care.)

**Anything else?**
Nope. I'm bored. Gotta run!

Commit message:

fixing invite link on help command, fix some stuff in the README

README.md, after:

🍌 ***uwu bot*** 🍌
uwu bot is my name! And I do everything except nothing.

**My super long list of awesomely amazing features**
- Fun commands (Canvas, 8ball, etc)
- Mod commands (Kick, ban, mute, etc)
- Utility (Hastebin, info for user, role, server)
- Game Statistics
-> Clash of Clans
-> Clash Royale
-> Brawl Stars
- Music
- Configuration
- Economy
(and more...so find out yourself!)

**I'm made by...**
kawaii banana ☆#5627

**What to do?**
Smash that invite button, and get it in all your servers, cuz that's what I'm for, yo!

As uwu bot once said: [*Lemme join that hood*](https://discordapp.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=520682706896683009&permissions=8&scope=bot)


**I meant what to do if something is bad and it breaks.**
Well, we have a support server for a reason. I think. [Join the server by clicking here.](https://discord.gg/vCMEmNJ)

**I like bananas, how can I help you?**
1) By joining our support server.

2) By submitting useful comments and pull requests on GitHub.

3) By having a brain (but if you didn't do 1 or 2 while having 3, then I really don't care.)

**Anything else?**
Nope. I'm bored. Gotta run!
